infludb: docker run -d --name influxdb -p 8086:8086 influxdb

deps: pip install influxdb-client-python


Yes, the logs you've provided indicate that both the RabbitMQ and InfluxDB Docker containers have been successfully downloaded and started on your AWS Lightsail instance. The long strings of characters at the end of each docker run command are the container IDs, which confirm that the containers were created and are now running in the background (that's what the -d flag does).
How to Check the Status on Your Lightsail Instance

You can check the status of your running Docker containers at any time by SSHing into your Lightsail instance and running the following command:
Bash

sudo docker ps

This command will show you a list of all the containers that are currently running, along with their container IDs, the image they are based on, the ports they are using, and their status (which should be "Up").
Accessing RabbitMQ and InfluxDB from Your Local PC

Yes, you can access both services from your local PC for development. Here’s how:

1. Configure Your Lightsail Firewall

For security, your Lightsail instance has a firewall that blocks incoming traffic by default. You will need to open the ports for RabbitMQ and InfluxDB to allow connections from your local machine.

    Go to your Lightsail dashboard and click on your instance.
    Go to the Networking tab.
    Under the Firewall section, click Add rule.
    Add the following rules:
        RabbitMQ:
            Application: Custom
            Protocol: TCP
            Port: 15672 (for the management UI)
        InfluxDB:
            Application: Custom
            Protocol: TCP
            Port: 8086 (for the API and UI)

Important: For better security, you can restrict the source of these rules to your local IP address instead of allowing all traffic.



3. Connect to InfluxDB

You can access the InfluxDB setup UI in your web browser:

    URL: http://<your-lightsail-static-ip>:8086

When you first access this URL, InfluxDB will guide you through a setup process where you'll create an initial user, password, organization, and bucket. Once you've completed the setup, you can use these credentials to connect to InfluxDB from your local development environment.
